Add routes section to docs (#125)
geut/permanent-seeder: README.md

As you can see the project does a couple of things. To do this we decided to use a microservices based approach. We choose to use [moleculer](https://moleculer.services/) as the structural framework behind the Permanent Seeder. This enables multiples processes to communicate each other and at the same time each of these will have a single responsibility/scope. This also give us some room to scale things up if needed.
:sunglasses:

## <a name="routes"></a> Routes

### `api/raw/:key`

> The route `api/raw/:key` displays the raw data that feed into the dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the raw data that feed into the dashboard.
```

less redundant
